Propose errata for anonymous classes (#1206)
php-fig/fig-standards: accepted/PSR-12-extended-coding-style-guide-meta.md

* [Inspiration Mailing List Thread](https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!topic/php-fig/wh9avopSR9k)
* [Initial Mailing List PSR Proposal Thread](https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!topic/php-fig/MkFacLdfGso)

# 9. Errata and clarifications

>  * The code example for anonymous classes has ben fixed (see [#1206](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/pull/1206)) because it was wrong; omitting parentheses after the `class` keyword should not be allowed, since it would be in contrast with what is prescribed for normal classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The code example for anonymous classes was fixed (see [#1206](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/pull/1206)) because it contradicted actual rule: omitting parentheses after the `class` keyword when creating a new instance should not be allowed as prescribed for normal classes.
```

>  * The code example for anonymous classes has ben fixed (see [#1206](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/pull/1206)) because it was wrong; omitting parentheses after the `class` keyword should not be allowed, since it would be in contrast with what is prescribed for normal classes.

Reviewer 2: I suggest using "is" instead of "should", because the original rule is a "MUST", not a "SHOULD".

```suggestion
 * The code example for anonymous classes has ben fixed (see [#1206](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/pull/1206)) because it was wrong; omitting parentheses after the `class` keyword is not allowed, since it would be in contrast with what is prescribed for normal classes.
```
